hey guys this is a Georgia to review and
today we're gonna peek at RSS readers
for Android three categories they're all
free
first category standalone apps second
category apps that connect with Google
Reader and a third funky category now
I'll just give you a peek into that at
the end of the video here so before we
go into the app so let's quickly review
what an RSS reader is if you go to a
blog you're often find almost every blog
you'll find an RSS logo usually on the
top and in Georgia toots cases on the
bottom and you can click to subscribe to
the articles and sometimes even the
comments when you click on that your
browser will tell you where do you want
to subscribe to us in this case I've got
Google is my default there are many
options yahoo and blog lines and so
forth i recommend google because you can
use an android app to synchronize your
desktop with your mobile reading so i'm
not going to subscribe because i'm
already subscribed to georgia tude then
click the peek at google reader
so here's google reader so think of it
as an inbox for your blog so i'm
subscribing to all these different blogs
here and it shows me in real time what's
new so you can click on one if you like
it you can click and it'll pop up in a
new window and it you can actually go to
the the website in this case it's an
android and me website so i read that or
close it and it remembers which ones
you've read which ones you haven't so
that's the really nice thing so you can
see just like a regular inbox this is
red this is red these aren't so you can
see what you haven't read across all the
blogs to subscribe to you the nice thing
is that if you go to the Android Market
let me just turn this screen off there
are lots of options that connect with
Google Reader and I tried a couple I
tried actually a few but these are the
two that I like the first would be news
robbed so you click on news robbed you
can see all articles I've got 50 and
this is synchronized with my my Google
Reader account so when I read something
on Google Reader it marks it as read on
my device and vice versa if I read
something on my device it marches read
on Google Reader so it's a great way to
read your blog's wherever you're at
whether it's your desktop or mobile
device so you can see the interface here
click and you get the articles and just
like you do on the web interface no and
to synchronize it if you look at
settings it can tell you what
synchronization types you want the
intervals in this case every hour if I
have it every 30 minutes then it might
start sucking a lot of batteries out
usually keep this for every 12 hours and
so forth so this is your traditional
view so news Rob sort of looks like
Google Reader you got your inbox and you
can sort through and look at just the
ones from Android and me and so forth
the other one that connects with Google
Reader is feed square and what feet
square does is a little different it
organizes things in this really fancy
view here so if you click on Android
dies then it brings up the three at a
time so three blog articles at a time
and you just kind of swipe to go through
the list here and it remembers which
ones you've read just like the news Rob
does so they both work well and it's
just a matter of which one you like in
terms of layout I personally prefer use
Rob just because it's more like the
Google Reader account but for some
people that are more visual defeats
score might work okay so those are the
apps that sync with Google Reader these
are the standalone apps I used to use
sparse and I switch to pure and then now
I'm actually using news rather than
synchronizing one with Google Reader
sparse is a standalone app so you click
you're gonna have to add feeds manually
so when you go to a website and you saw
that Georgia - delinquents and articles
for RSS you copy the link paste it in
here give it a title and it'll add the
feed to your feeds here so these are all
read you can see everything is marked as
grey but click on refresh give it a
second here it's gonna start refreshing
and then show me what articles are new
on these websites that I have not read
yet so they're starting to pop up now so
boy genius if I click on that for
example you'll see that these are all
new articles and I've read or marked as
read all of this year again this is
standalone so I'm not gonna have any
synchronization of my desktop but it's a
great way if you're just using your
mobile device to track blogs it's a good
way to do that clicking on this will
take you to the web page so that's
sparse pure is almost the same as sparse
except it shows you how many unread here
and that number blog so that makes it a
little bit more useful see they're a
little different interface but
essentially the same feature set also
brings pictures over alright those are
those apps its third category my sixth
sense is a little different I may do a
review on this later but for now just a
quick preview you can import your Google
stream so there's a streams link so you
can go ahead and click on add content
and import to Google Reader account or
add streams from Twitter Facebook Google
Buzz at topics like Android or even put
in website addresses with interesting
content you can also put in your Twitter
Twitter username and password and
Facebook username and password so as
friends tweet or post on Facebook links
those links will be added to your stream
here on my sixth sense and the thing
that they're trying to do is watch what
you click on so if you're clicking on
things about Android or Hawaii or
whatever you're interested in it's gonna
remember that and try to prioritize
content and move those things up so you
know we at Twitter and Facebook and RSS
you probably have hundreds of links a
day so it's gonna try and boil that down
to the ones that better thinks it's most
interesting for you kinda like Netflix
recommendation engine I'm still playing
with it so I'm not completely happy with
it but it's an interesting concept and
hopefully it'll it'll be able to sort
through quickly all the chaos online and
find the content that's relevant for you
so here we go I recommend use Rob and
using that with Google Reader but these
are all great apps hope this was helpful